[ANCHOR-211] Document more_info_url (#118)
stellar/stellar-docs: docs/anchoring-assets/anchor-platform/sep24/configuration.mdx

```bash
# dev.env
SEP24_ENABLED=true
SEP24_INTERACTIVE_URL_BASE_URL=http://example.com
SEP24_MORE_INFO_URL_BASE_URL=http://example.com
SECRET_SEP24_INTERACTIVE_URL_JWT_SECRET="your encryption key shared with your business server"
SECRET_SEP24_MORE_INFO_URL_JWT_SECRET="your encryption key shared with your business server"
```

</CodeExample>

`SEP24_INTERACTIVE_URL_BASE_URL` is the URL that the Anchor Platform will provide to wallet applications when they initiate transactions. Wallet applications will open this URL in a web view inside their app, handing over control of the user experience from the wallet to your business. This Url points to the web-widget your business implements. It contains all business-defined logic. We'll dive further into this experience in subsequent sections.

> `SEP24_MORE_INFO_URL_BASE_URL` is the URL that the Anchor Platform will provide to wallet applications when they want to show information about a transaction your business provide. In the flow, user will open this Url after transaction has been initiated, and your business can show arbitrary information about the transaction in this web-widget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SEP24_MORE_INFO_URL_BASE_URL` is the URL that the Anchor Platform will provide to wallet applications when they want to show information about a transaction initiated previously. This URL is most often used by wallets in their transaction history views, and your business can define what information to display about the transaction.
```
